Radu - would you be available to meet with me and Helene by Zoom on Wednesday morning, anytime starting from 8:30 am?

In the meantime, I'll share with you the fruits of our discussion this morning.

We wanted to propose creating this new feature by revamping the existing "clinical lists" section found in "reports."

The upper left corner (currently "Filter list"), would be replaced by 3 buttons:
A1C trend
Da teof last A1C
A1C value
And with:
Separate/discrete box to create age parameters by free text ("between 'x ' years and 'y' years old"). Default is all ages.
Default to Diabetes (all types)
I'd like to also be able to select Prediabetes/GDM as combined category after all, but need to discuss with Helene.

In the main big box would appear a list that is generated by clicking on one of the 3 buttons. But the format would be different:

Presorted from highest to lowest value, and in a fixed order. Would include the color gradient.
Printable as a pdf (as well as downloadable as spreadsheet). Ideally pdf would show a blank comments column, in its printed version.
Use the variables we have already discussed (ie no need for IPM, type of diabetes, gender or age). 
The quick stats box would also change:

% of patients with improvement in A1C (unless DM and both values ≤ 0.07)  - negative delta from total - pie 



% of patients with no A1C in last "x" months (enter value, default settings for DM/preDM to be discussed, for now 6 months DM and 18 months preDM)
% of patients with A1C > than "x" (enter value, default 0.075)
Graph that plots these results q3months to show trends over time
Community selector for admin level (otherwise fixed to local community)
Optional comparison graph by age deciles or by gender - ie, possible to compare each of the benchmarks across ages or by gender


That's it for now, we can hopefully discuss on Wednesday. Let me know what is hard to follow - I can always try to draw it out 🙂

Maggie




scrollable  filters to see 

missing 


null values first with no colr trend  date and value ( no second value )

include null values - filter

type 1 and type 2 - default   and pre dm as option


age all - 
between XX age and XXX age

graphs : 
by deciles 
by gender
by community











 